Engage Cockpit CM/CD Documentation + Settings Section (#7790)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 17/umbraco-engage/installation/installation.md

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (12).png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

> To generate reporting data manually on your local installation, go to the **Settings** section, then navigate to **Engage** -> **Configuration** and select the **Reporting** tab. Click the red **Regenerate** button.

Reviewer: Should we do an ordered list instead?

```suggestion
To generate reporting data manually on your local installation, follow these steps:

1. Go to the **Settings** section.
2. Navigate to **Engage** -> **Configuration**.
3. Select the **Reporting** tab.
4. Click the red **Regenerate** button.
```
